most of the physical and
physiological changes in pregnancy are a
the necessary hormonal changes
to adapt the body is this new phase
these changes occur in the ovary
gina sails pelvis
is there and circulatory respiratory and
digestive including vertebral is by
cent is the main producer organ of
hormones that controls the whole process
pregnancy maintenance including
estrogen and progesterone retires
also influence the light section and
its three geniuses provoke the increase
the uterus and breast prepared for
breast-feeding
increased uterine volume cause
compulsion of the venous circulation
responsible for the blood
lower limbs as well as the vulva and
goes to the depths of the pelvis being more
around the blood circulation
and because they are varicose
hemorrhoids to produce them
recommended
the theaters or swellings of the limbs
inferiors improve with nocturnal forgetfulness
but in return they may be in the
face and hands how much they will give their
persists recommend controlling
periodically your blood pressure
have a diet low in salt but rich in
proteins and in diuretic foods by
prevent retention of liquids such as
the pineapple payments and then French go to bed
preferably in lateral decubitus position
left
to reduce the pain recommended
avoid thinking about moving around
long periods
when sitting, place the footrest
rest with your legs and grapes do not use
clothes tight shoes walking
practice exercises that facilitate the
blood circulation for hemorrhoids
and with serious avoid constipation
ing foods rich in fiber and
liquids in abundance avoid food
exercising moderate or
make a thorough cleaning of the nal area
apply local cold two to three times
day if they already have wheels